after a week's worth of instrumented
testing that include a Motor Trend
standard series of performance tests as
well as towing and payload capacity
testing our judges have named the Ford
f-150 the 2012 Motor Trend Truck of the
Year so why was the Ford f-150 named
motor trends 2012 Truck of the Year well
the truck of the year is not a
comparison test each truck is measured
against our six key criteria safety
efficiency value advancement in design
engineering excellence and performance
of intended function in our competitive
field the f-150 made a strong case in
each category but what really stood
apart was technology like its EcoBoost
engine the f-150 s twin turbo direct
injection EcoBoost v6 is a true industry
game-changer as it produces the power
and torque of a v8 while returning the
fuel economy of a v6 we call that an
irresistible combination of engineering
excellence and efficiency on the design
front our judges noted considerable
strides in the f-150 s economics and
interior accommodations including
features you just don't expect in a
truck such as soft touch materials and
high-quality leather a full-color 4.2
inch multifunction display and
voice-activated control of the
infotainment system the bottom line is
the f-150 simply excels at being a truck
that mastered every task we subjected it
to acing our instrumented tests at the
proving grounds and swaying opinions on
the road our judges actually preferred
the ride and performance of the f-150
when it was loaded with thousands of
pounds of payload or saddled with a
heavy trailer the more the f-150 was
pushed the better before
in our February 2012 issue recall the
f-150 a truck for all reasons empty or
poor in base work truck configuration or
as the desert racer known as the Raptor
we also call the Ford f-150 motor trends
2012 Truck of the Year
you